projects/InstagramClone.md, before:

---
title: 'Instagram Clone'
date: 'November 2022'
excerpt: 'A visual clone of Instagram web app to improve my skills in frontend development.'
cover_image: '/images/projects/instagramBig.png'
github: 'https://github.com/HawkieOne/instagram-clone'

description: 'A visual clone of Instagram web app to improve my skills in frontend development. In the project some new libraries are explored. These include Firebase for database management, Next Auth with Google authorization, Recoil for React state management, HeadlessUI for visual components and React Moment for showing relevant timestamps.'
built: [
   {
   name: 'Next.js',
   link: 'https://nextjs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'React.js',
   link: 'https://reactjs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'Tailwind',
   link: 'https://tailwindcss.com/'
},
   {
   name: 'Next Auth',
   link: 'https://next-auth.js.org/'
},
{
   name: 'Firebase',
   link: 'https://firebase.google.com/'
},
{
   name: 'Typescript',
   link: 'ttps://www.typescriptlang.org/'
},
   {
   name: 'Recoil',
   link: 'https://recoiljs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'React Moment',
   link: 'https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-moment'
},
{
   name: 'HeadlessUI',
   link: 'https://headlessui.dev/'
},
]
limitations: 'The current features supports logging in with a Google account and'
tested: ['Google Chrome 100.0.4896.127']
---

Commit message:

Add more info
- When
- Features
- Datum

projects/InstagramClone.md, after:

---
title: 'Instagram Clone'
date: 'November 2021'
excerpt: 'A visual clone of Instagram web app to improve my skills in frontend development.'
cover_image: '/images/projects/instagramBig.png'
github: 'https://github.com/HawkieOne/instagram-clone'

description: 'A visual clone of Instagram web app to improve my skills in frontend development. In the project some new libraries are explored. These include Firebase for database management, Next Auth with Google authorization, Recoil for React state management, HeadlessUI for visual components and React Moment for showing relevant timestamps.'
built: [
   {
   name: 'Next.js',
   link: 'https://nextjs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'React.js',
   link: 'https://reactjs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'Tailwind',
   link: 'https://tailwindcss.com/'
},
   {
   name: 'Next Auth',
   link: 'https://next-auth.js.org/'
},
{
   name: 'Firebase',
   link: 'https://firebase.google.com/'
},
{
   name: 'Typescript',
   link: 'ttps://www.typescriptlang.org/'
},
   {
   name: 'Recoil',
   link: 'https://recoiljs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'React Moment',
   link: 'https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-moment'
},
{
   name: 'HeadlessUI',
   link: 'https://headlessui.dev/'
},
]
features: 'The web application supports logging in with a Google account, posting images, liking posts and commenting on posts. This is to mimic the basic functionality of Instagram. You can use the web application without logging in but then you can inly see the posts. You can not like or comment on posts and not posting you own images. I have plans to further develop the application to support posting stories, nested comments and support following different profiles.'
limitations: 'To use all the features of the application one must log in with a Google account. It would be better if one could use their Instagram account to log in. This would probably be possible to do but since Google works well right now I have no plans right now to extend the login alternatives.'
when: 'This project was done in the autumn of 2021 as a solo project to increase my knowledge in mainly NextJS, TypeScript and Firebase. In the beginning I followed a tutorial but I extended the functionality of the web applications beyond of what the tutorial did.'
tested: ['Google Chrome 100.0.4896.127']
---
