projects/Lärarplattformen.md, before:

---
title: 'Lärarplattformen'
date: 'March 4, 2021'
excerpt: 'A web application for teachers to easier manage courses at universities'
cover_image: '/images/projects/lp.png'
demo: 'error'

description: A web application for teachers to easier manage courses at universities. The application works as a main navigation for all of the different sites which the teacher needs to use. With the help of the website the teacher can easily see what needs to be done before a course starts, manage the course during the course and end the course when it is finished. Lärarplattformen is built in ASP.NET CORE and has a database where all the information about the courses is stored. The frontend is made with ReactJS. My responsibility during the development was both in ASP.NET CORE and ReactJS.
built: [
   {
   name: 'Android',
   link: 'https://www.android.com/intl/sv_se/'
},
{
   name: 'Java',
   link: 'https://www.java.com/sv/'
},
]
limitations: TODO
tested: ['Tristis natorum ora talia patriis famae naidas',
         'Deus scilicet male miliaque noctisque invenio Nilum']
---

Commit message:

Add more info
- When
- Features
- Datum

projects/Lärarplattformen.md, after:

---
title: 'Lärarplattformen'
date: 'Spring 2021'
excerpt: 'A web application for teachers to easier manage courses at universities'
cover_image: '/images/projects/lp.png'
demo: 'error'

description: A web application for teachers to easier manage courses at universities. The application works as a main navigation for all of the different sites which the teacher needs to use. With the help of the website the teacher can easily see what needs to be done before a course starts, manage the course during the course and end the course when it is finished. Lärarplattformen is built in ASP.NET CORE and has a database where all the information about the courses is stored. The frontend is made with ReactJS.
built: [
   {
   name: 'React',
   link: 'https://reactjs.org/'
},
{
   name: 'ASP.NET CORE',
   link: 'https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/?view=aspnetcore-6.0'
},
{
   name: 'Microsoft Server SQL',
   link: 'https://www.microsoft.com/sv-se/sql-server/sql-server-downloads'
},
]
features: 'With the help of the website the teacher can easily see what needs to be done before a course starts, manage the course during the course and end the course when it is finished. The web app gives the user easy access to all other sites which are needed for the education. Furthermore, the web app gives the teacher the possibility to write the welcome letter in the app as well.'
limitations: 'Many more functionalities could be added to ease the adminstrative work that teachers do for every course. However, many of these functionalities are very hard to move from where they are right now. It would require several major web sites to cooperate and this porject was not of that size.'
when: The project was done as a group project in a course about API's and development in .NET. My responsibility during the development was both in ASP.NET CORE and ReactJS.  
---
